# Release notes

- [Release notes](#release-notes)
  - [Non Master autoscalling group](#non-master-autoscalling-group)
    - [Use case](#use-case)
    - [Issue (official) documentation](#issue-official-documentation)
    - [Change](#change)
      - [How to deploy it](#how-to-deploy-it)
        - [Requirements](#requirements)
        - [Before deploy](#before-deploy)
        - [Applying it](#applying-it)
        - [Verify](#verify)

This version contains a patch in the [`aws-kubernetes` terraform module](modules/aws-kubernetes) that fixes a problem
with the autoscalling group termination policy.

## Non Master autoscalling group

### Use case

During a rollout, when scale back down to the normal capacity, it's expected to destroy the oldest instances.

### Issue (official) documentation

> When you customize the termination policy, if one Availability Zone has more instances than the other Availability Zones that are used by the group, your termination policy is applied to the instances from the imbalanced Availability Zone. If the Availability Zones used by the group are balanced, the termination policy is applied across all of the Availability Zones for the group.

*source:* [https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/as-instance-termination.html)

### Change

Adding a new attribute to the ASG improves the behavior.

#### How to deploy it

##### Requirements

Having version 1.15.4 deployed, change the version to 1.15.4-4 in your `Furyfile.yml`, then:

```bash
$ furyctl install
```

This command downloads the patch in your `vendor/modules/aws/aws-kubernetes` directory.

##### Before deploy

You can check terraform plans before applying the new configuration.

```bash
$ terraform plan
```

##### Applying it

If everything is fine with the terraform plan, we are ready to go!

```bash
$ terraform apply -auto-approve
```

##### Verify

Check the `termination_policies` in every ASG. It should has the `OldestInstance` value.
