# Release notes

This version contains a new feature: **auto-join** nodes.

## Auto-join nodes feature

### Use case

Having a kubernetes cluster with nodes belonging to an autoscaling group. Node pool has to be able to create and destroy in a dynamic way nodes. New nodes needs to join the kubernetes cluster without human intervention.

### Issue

Before this feature, an operator had to run an ansible playbook every time a new node was created to join the cluster. This causes some problems in cloud environments. You ussually deploy’s your nodes in an autoscalling group. This means that your node pool can grow *(positive and negative)* the number of nodes it has. It happens in a very dynamic way, it can cause having instances not belonging to the kubernetes cluster. It’s not only a matter of scale, when cloud providers needs to do some maintainning stuff, they relies in the autoscalling group killing an instance and letting the autoscalling group to recreate it.

### Change

Having nodes following the inmutable infrastructure paradigm makes possible this feature. This means that new Golden AMIs are created to achieve this scenario. New nodes contains all the needed stuff. A minimal configuration is passed via cloud-init script.

#### How to deploy it

##### Requirements

Having version 1.15.4 deployed, change the version to 1.15.4-2 in your `Furyfile.yml`, then:

```bash
$ furyctl install
```

This command downloads this feature in your `vendor` directory.

##### Before deploy

First of all, there are some breaking changes in this project.

- [modules/aws-kubernetes](modules/aws-kubernetes):
  - `s3-bucket-name`: Bucket name containning fury stuff like join tokens: Example: `my-bucket-name`.
  - `join-policy-arn`: Policy ARN needed to pull/push join tokens. You could get it from the `s3-furyagent` module.
  - `alertmanager-hostname`: Alert-Manager hostname used by the cloud-init watcher to notify errors using it’s API. Example: `my-alert-manager-instance.my-company.com`.
  - `kube-worker`: This object list adds a new object attribute: `kube-ami`. `kube-ami` is the Name of the AMI you want to use. Take a look to [AMI.md](../AMI.md) to find the correct one.
  - `kube-ami` -> `kube-master-ami`: The `kube-ami` variable has been renamed to `kube-master-ami`.
- [roles/kube-control-plane](roles/kube-control-plane):
  - `s3_bucket_name`: Bucket name containning fury stuff like join tokens: Example: `my-bucket-name`.
- [roles/kube-worker](roles/kube-worker): Deleted as workers does not need to be runned an ansible playbook.
