# AWS Add-on Module Release 2.0.0

Welcome to the latest release of `aws` module of the [`Kubernetes Fury Distribution`](https://github.com/sighupio/fury-distribution) maintained by team SIGHUP.

âš ï¸ This is a major release including **breaking changes** removing modules to install Kubernetes on AWS using EC2.

## Component Images ðŸš¢

| Component                     | Supported Version                                                                                      | Previous Version |
|-------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------|
| `cluster-austoscaler`         | [`v1.23.1`](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/releases/tag/cluster-autoscaler-1.23.1)           | `Update`         |
| `ebs-csi-driver`              | [`v1.11.2`](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/aws-ebs-csi-driver/releases/tag/v1.11.2)                | `New component`  |
| `load-balancer-controller`    | [`v2.4.3`](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/aws-load-balancer-controller/releases/tag/v2.4.3)        | `New component`  |
| `node-termination-handler`    | [`v1.17.1`](https://github.com/aws/aws-node-termination-handler/releases/tag/v1.17.1)                  | `Update`         |

> Please refer to the individual release notes to get detailed information on each release.

## New packages: Welcome EBS CSI Driver and AWS Load Balancer Controller! ðŸ“•

This release adds two new packages, `ebs-csi-driver` and `load-balancer-controller`. The first one is a mandatory package to use EBS volumes in your EKS cluster, since from EKS version 1.23 the in-tree EBS volume plugin is deprecated.
The second one is the official AWS controller to manage AWS Load Balancers, which is a mandatory package to use all the features provided from AWS on the Load Balancers, for example, enabling the proxy protocol on Network Load Balancers.

## Removals: Removed all the legacy terraform modules to install Kubernetes on EC2 ðŸš®

This release completely removes all the terraform modules used for the installation of a Kubernetes cluster using EC2. Kubernetes Fury Distribution has deprecated support for EC2-based clusters in favour of EKS (managed) clusters.

## Update Guide ðŸ¦®

There is no update guide since this release completeley changes the scope of this module, from a colleciton of packages to install a Kubernetes cluster on AWS to a collection of packages to install on top of an existing Kubernetes EKS/AWS cluster.

<!-- Links -->
